Meeting minutes:
##############################
8th June 2021 4pm
##############################
Agenda:
- lock in the project to work on : Done
- discuss and share user stories and 8 Objectives : Done
- list all action items (high level) to come to the project proposal

Minutes:
* Agreed on Task Master as our project. 
* Started a draft on our proposal.
    - Proposal draft : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zv5TTUVLG_cTdF7m9r95EnThUo7H6z7PAfdEvpKgPss/edit

* agreed roughly on the 8-9 functions we want to achieve

* Agreed on below action items to Do by 10 June during Lab: 
    - Sophie: market research
    - Hai: Background stories
    - Asha: User flow - summarised flow of high-level UX
        link to Miro: 
    - Dean, Tong: Wireframe
        link to Miro: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lAO0zmQ=/ 

** Parking Lot - next meeting:
    - Backend Architecture and tech stacks: to be discussed in next session
    - pending novalty idea


##############################
10th June 2021 2pm Lab
##############################
** Backlog:
    - go through action items listed from previous meeting -Done
    - discuss novalty feature  - done
    - Discuss user flow diagram - done


* Meeting results (what's discussed and agreed in meeting )

- went through action items listed from previous meeting
 - discuss novalty feature: link relavent documents; allow user to filter; light-weight
    Novelty ideas: 
            - add tags to be more user friendly
            - tech novelty :
                * archive system : store all related files when a task is done
                * tag system
                * Pending: user is able to choose tasks
- group user name Objectives : group different user stories under each functionality?
- User flow : lucid.app/lucidchart/5755ce4d-1e40-44c8-9684-f50be78c7802/edit?viewport_loc=-230%2C-148%2C3328%2C1516%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_2edb445b-4e96-4d74â€¦



* Action items (until next time)
- group user name Objectives :
- finalise user flow diagram
- review Wireframe
- plan dates for each sprint : only first sprint needs details, others for now will need dates only
- rearrange sprint layouts so it's ready for screenshot


** Parking Lot (any idea that's not discussed yet)
    - Decide product name
    - Backend Architecture and tech stacks: to be discussed in next session
    

##############################
15th June 2021 530pm Meeting
##############################
** Backlog:

* Action items (until next time)
- Tong : assign tasks
- Tong/Dean : finalise Userflow
- Hai : finalise background
- Tong : clean up user stories
- Tong : Take screenshots/miro from Jira 
- Sophie/Dean : adding functions
- Sophie/Hai : look into implementation next step
-Asha : Working on system architecture and adding funtions on user stories


** Parking Lot (any idea that's not discussed yet)

##############################
17th June 2021 1pm Lab Meeting
##############################
* Question for Dominic:
    - reiterate the development environment for our website : do we have a server for our DB or local host?
    - Clarify user stories requirements - where should we put backlog : 
    - for tech depth: should we include many tools for now? : yes include many for now and change as we go

* Action items (until next time)

	
    Tong : update Jira screenshots to User stories
	Hai: Finish wireframe + add wireframe screenshot to proposal 
	User flow chart change to align with wireframe - dependent on completion of wireframe



##############################
18th June 2021 4pm Meeting
##############################

Action Items:

Asha : finished Architecture diagram
Hai : finish wireframe
Dean : review Architecture part
Sophie : edit and review whole report
Tong : added Sprint Screenshots